0: sends "DAOstack whitepaper"

2: i am halfway this paper
pretty interesting stuff.
kinda utopian idea
how many aspects this paper cover, only economy or it can be extended to politics

0: daostack is the website, you can try creating one

2: okay. seems very interesting.
 
--- one day later ---

2: bruh
idea wise this is pretty well rounded
just don't know the execution part. In our petty lives, so many people have so many 
great biz ideas.

0: it's real

2:  i know

0: that paper is 3 years old.  i want to write them a letter.  want to help?
(sent images of handwritten notation on whitepaper)

2: well written except your correction
grammar mistake

0: ...decentralized revisions...

2: i am thinking peoples goodwill favors could count as somewhat similar

0: i'll collect feedback comments and revisions and then deliver to them

2: i mean pure good hearts wish to help but not expecting money but if get paid then perfect

0: you mean in reality?

2: Yeah

0: their holographic model is all about getting paid. 
they pay the predictors

2: I will make some marks about the paper per se and send it to you
it seems a bit abstract to me those

0: Great! my first deadline is next Monday

2: but i try to understand

0: did you finish the whole paper? the last part is more concrete
i'm still working on it

2: 80% i think

0: but I right in margins examples of how i could use for my projects

2: not easy for a coding layman 
not many big words
but different field than mine

0: hey it's partially their writing could be better
even the sentence structure sometimes slows me down

2: Yes.

-- time elapses --

0: hey today is my deadline for the DAOstack feedback week
do you have any more comments?
at the end of the week i will package together everyone's feedback and deliver to them

2: no more comments from me

0: could you summarize your experience?

2: I browse through it, not deep reading.  Burns a lot of braincells

[NOTE: APPLY PRINCIPLES OF INCENTIVE, REPUTATION, and _____ to compensate busy humans for your braincell burning]
[BUTTON: Click here to recieve your reward NFT from NFTmanager plugin]
[ASIDE: obviously, in the course of retyping all these messages, i realized that there is no button yet and that 
the mere concept of "proposals" (from the paper) requires an executive paradigm and a centralized (aka focused)
enough force of desire and understanding (how many minutes of exposure to your most recent and approprate content)
to even take that step]
[MUSIC: "Puddles - Bestof - 03 Careful"]

0: I mean the whole project
the whitepaper was just step one for me

--confusing dialog about deploying alchemy to rinkeby --

2: my understanding is that i have to understand decent amount of it 
knowledge to comment

0: in my opinion 100% of their documentation should be directing people in a good direction
https://rinkeby.alchemy.do/#
you can search for WHAT DAO (its our DAO)

2: wow
I remember proposals
the concept from the paper

0: yea the paper is the foundation for the reality of the website
but...
(their website and youtube are the foundation for the foundation of more DAOs and more users to the Genesis)

2: I am in holiday mood man

0: Collective intelligence is useless if you make it inaccessibilities





