Thank you for sending me the 2018 Whitepaper from DaoStack.

As a 71  year old former network engineer (not a programmer/developer) my impressions may not be very sophisticated, technically.

Nevertheless, I did appreciate the logic and thoughtfulness that the paper exhibited.

I noted that the components of the stack make sense as a rich set of tools and utilities to facilitate both the standardization 
and the customization of governance templates and votes, to offer an efficient and inclusive method of reaching a consensus/hive
mind decision on proposals, and allowing decentralized organizations to curate collections of data, and to offer a token (GEN) 
to facilitate much of this.

I note that while in 2018 these seemed to be very rich and complex tools, the whitepaper did not offer many real life examples 
of how they are being implemented, presumably due to a lack of examples.

Now, in July of 2021, it there are a number of DAOs visible on Alchemy, and an invitation to create a DAO is on the site. I note,
though, that most have very few members and typically 0 open proposals, and that a very few do have even over 100 members and a 
couple do have over a dozen open proposals.

I read through one proposal marked “failing”. Caden Rain on xDXdao wanted to be paid for working to increase Omen’s usage, I guess. 
There were no comments visible, and it seemed that the proposal has a time limitation and it seemed to have attracted little 
attention, despite Caden having spoken with DAOStack team members a couple of times. Clearly it isn’t immediately apparent how this
works, as 2 votes for and zero against seem to be enough to Pass on some of the proposals I looked at.

Now I’m no expert, and I didn’t really even understand the proposal, but I wonder how many people read it and voted for or against it,
and why. That process is not transparent, at least to me as an outsider, and I was surprised at that.

My impression is that this work is designed for a future world of work in which collaboration is a higher good than competition, 
and equity maybe is a higher good than profit, but that today’s world is not utilizing the tools of the future in a substantial way, 
other than as crypto-investing/speculating, which I know is not DaoStack’s ultimate goal.

So there seems to be a problem with usage volume, penetration of the market, and real world applications of the tools. Local businesses 
in Chicago seem to be Centralized, for good or bad, and that seems true of most small businesses.  Maybe I’m not familiar enough with large,
enterprise scale organizations, which perhaps could experiment with the model, but those seem to be centralized too, albeit spread out globally.