0: forwards youtube link "introduction to DAOstack (v2)"

4: Is this a thing or is this parody? I watched all 5 mins and I can tell you only that DAOstack 
seems to have great ethos but what is it? how do I participate? what should I do with this info? 
how is this important to my life? - with all due respect, marketing fail if you ask me 😁

0: I think you can Google search DAOstack and check their website out.  They build a platform for us
to build DAOs.  It did fail if it didn't make you curious

4: (Because I like analyzing marketing...)
for example: "DAOstack is an open source project advancing the technology and adoption of 
decentralized governance." that sentence says nothing, it just contains a ton of jargon
is it cryptocurrency or is it software or is it a think tank or just a blog?
I suppose not knowing what a DAO is doesn't help me either haha

0: On their whitepaper the tagline is "operating system for collective intelligence"
This is most accurate, lockchain is a very multidisciplinary field, acquiring the jargon
 is so draining some of us forget how to communicate clearly (some of us were never good
 at it in the first place) For example check this sentence: "one way is to implement a 
 redemption scheme whereby the agency (or DAO) tokens are made redeemable against the funds
 existing in the agency wallet, pro rata, and thus the value of the token is derived from 
 the revenue made by the agency."  
 fowards links to the "DAOstack pitch deck" and "DAOstack explained in fairly simple terms" 
 (see folder 0/links)

4: Yeah, I mean, I know about blockchain, crypto, and am a huge fan of decentralization but
 this still doesn't speak to my point that this information, for all its bragging about how it
 empowers people, doesn't actually speak to non-insiders, which IMO defeats the purpose
 For widespread appeal and adoption, an idea must have a communicable CTA that any layman can do

0: sends link to "Feedback Week google doc" (see folder 0/links)

4: the idea of "click here to learn how to get started" button

0: At the end of the week I will collect your feedback with the others and package it to them

4: haha awesome

0: you are really good at writing clearly

4: thank you, I write about 150 emails each day for work 😃
I've put in my 10,000 hours

0: I have not

4: my issue from the get with this DAOstack thing, 
is that most people are too busy to spend days learning what an idea is 
(without even knowing how it affects them)

0: interlude about NFT

4: I think maybe I'm just not as into this topic as you are -- 
as a musician I did a lot of research into NFTs and blockchain because its all the rage 
now but - to me - it seemed like tons of up front learning to accomplish something I'm not 
even sure I'm into -- going back to DAOstack, my primary complaint is still "so what?" 
Great that they invented this thing but, if this is how they present it, it will never get used
 to make all the "big changes" they brag about -- in a nutshell, inventing cool tools is pointless if
a) its not clear (to a layman) how to use them
b) its not clear how to start TODAY using this tool to fulfill the process they claim
c) the end goal is not clear
this talk about internal blockchain and de-centralization is only being used by super niche startups
and already tech people it comes off as arrogance when they refuse to make this kind of thing more 
accessible so my advice to a company like DAOstack would be: "how can we get this tool in use by 
as many people as possible, NOT just people like us"

0: I'm not even sure DAOstack is a company, but I agree the number one thing to focus on when you 
are ready to get more people on board is removing layers of difficulty to accessibility. As you 
know from being a musician so long, not everyone is going to like your music but it's up to you 
whether or not you put it out there and how you package it.
Thanks for your participation in feedback week! In your research into blockchain, did you create a
 MetaMask wallet?

4: Agree completely with your previous comment... not familiar with MetaMask, this sounds like 
a Sailor Moon villain? - I am super pro-technology but this recent explosion of super abstract 
concepts frustrates me for all the reasons I've already said - unfortunately, rather than 
empowering "the people" I fear this type of stuff will only be used by "the powers that be" to
 make it even harder to hold them accountable (since they are the only people with the time, 
 money, resources to really learn how to leverage this new tech)

 


