After my initial investigation and intuition suggested DAOstack was deep, real and potentially awesome.

My first step was to print up the whitepaper and read it for two days in the garden.
I have lots of notes written onto the paper and created a couple "feedback week google docs" (see 0/links.txt), but I firmly believe 2021 is the time 
for whitepaper 2.0 (or at least 1.9).  DAOstack and blockchain are poised at the edge of accessibility, and the core philosophy of both are capable of
resonating with almost everyone. 

Day 3 I finished reading and began writing "feedback week google doc", structuring the week into three sections:
0. is project good?
1. read whitepaper
2. access and write to "community"
3. implement technology

1) whitepaper is very educational but has many unfortunate sentences and one very dubious keyword ("scheme"="plugin"?). 
2) It took several steps (website & youtube -> discord -> telegram -> asking twice for help -> invitation to dev questions group) to
get to somewhere where I could ask for help with setting up the WHAT DAO I DO?
3) successfully deployed a DAO on rinkeby (this required many days of research to figure out) alchemy, got members to vote and add "plug-ins" such as 
ability to "join" and send NFT).  rinkeby GEN faucet is broken and not sure where the WHAT tokens are or how to use most of the plug-ins especially the
default plug-ins like "funding manager".

DAOstack can attract more attention (that scarce resource) and more participation (even scarcer!) by more people (scaling!) with modern examples and 
making a clear and clean pathway to productive actions (increase accessibility!).

modern examples:
real business problem: blockchain hackathons are heavily centralized and not trustless.
real business problem: concept of DAO requires several steps into blockchain.world
real business problem: there is not a clear and accessible "main path" for learning blockchain 
real business problem: i am financially poor but idea rich

solution:
give us grant money and mentorship ;)
